=head1 NAME

MagicBullet - Yet another deploy helper

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    $ magic-bullet \
        --repo=git://address.to/your/repository \
        --dest=ssh://account@your.dest.host/path/to/destination/ \
        ( --dry --force )
    
    ### or if you use config file,
    $ magic-bullet --config /path/to/config.json

=head1 DESCRIPTION

MagicBullet is deploy helper tool that aims be most minimalist in these tools.

=head1 REQUIRED SWITCHES

=head2 --repo [address_for_your_repository]

Specifier for your repository. 

=head2 --dest [account@hostname:path]

Specifier for destination account and host/path.

You may specify this option multiple. Look at followings.

    $ magic-bullet \
        --repo=git://foobar.com/myname/myrepo \
        --dest=ssh://account@dest1.your.host/path/to/dest \
        --dest=ssh://account:pass@dest2.your.host/path/to/dest \
        --dest=ssh://account@dest3.your.host/path/to/dest

=head1 OPTIONAL SWITCHES

=head2 --dry

Show deploy process and exit (no change).

=head2 --force

Try to rsync force.

=head1 USING CONFIG FILE

You may specify configuration for deploy in ./magicbullet.(pl|yml|yaml|conf|json) 

You have to specify following attributes into configuration.

=over 4

=item repo (string)

URI for repository

=item dest (arrayref)

List of rsync destination.

=item postsync (arrayref/optional)

Command list for postsync step

=back

=head2 EXAMPLE OF CONFIG FILE

    ### magicbullet.yml
    ---
    repo: 'git://my.git.host/myname/MyRepo.git',
    dest:
      - 'ssh://user@www01.myserver/path/to/deploy/dest'
      - 'ssh://user:password@www02.myserver/path/to/deploy/dest'
      - 'ssh://user@www03.myserver/path/to/deploy/dest'
      - 'ssh://user:password@www04.myserver/path/to/deploy/dest'
    postsync:
      - 'cpanm --test-only ./ -l extlib -v'
      - 'svc -h /service/myapp'

=head1 ABOUT POST-SYNC SCRIPT

If ./postsync.sh is in your repository, MagicBullet execute it when files were synced.

=head1 AUTHOR

ytnobody E<lt>ytnobody@gmail.comE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO

=head1 LICENSE

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
